[MUSIC PLAYING]
[NARRATOR] Nazca, Peru, home of
one of the most mysterious
archaeological sites on Earth.
A new mystery has emerged
from this remote location,
and it takes us from what
we see above the ground
to what lies below.
Professor Korotkov
and his team have
discovered that the
strange creature is female.
They were able
to extract DNA.
They confirmed
that this is female
because there
was only X strands.
[RUSSIAN SPEECH]
From the DNA samples of
the mummy now known as Maria,
we were able to identify
that this is a woman,
as the Y chromosome is missing.
[NARRATOR] The team also
confirmed in the DNA process
a strange herbal smell
that came from the sample.
Some experts suggest
that it came
from the mummification process.
But the question still
remains, was this creature
preserved by humans
or non-humans?
As we wait for more
DNA results, the team
still ponders the recent
findings of the Carbon-14 data.
The results state
that the body has been
dated between 245 and 410 AD.
After the team scientifically
dissected the body,
they decided to research
the surrounding area to see
if there is anything that they
could find that would link them
to these bodies.
What was interesting is
right after we saw the body,
we began looking at
some nearby petroglyphs,
and we discovered a humanoid
figure in the petroglyphs
in the mountains that
had three fingers.
So we're wondering what we're
really dealing with here.
I've seen many images
of South American cultures.
I would think it's
the imagination of someone.
All myths, all religious
beliefs of ancient people,
they are based on some reality.
[SPEAKING SPANISH]
There's a relation between the
presence of these individuals
and what the ancient
cultures of Peru drew.
Because they had contact,
they saw them,
and they represented them.
[NARRATOR] Is it possible that
these beings with three fingers
actually interacted with the
ancient civilizations of Nazca?
[SPEAKING SPANISH]
The five metacarpals are
merged through three bearings
to three fingers.
[SPEAKING SPANISH]
Three fingers have
five to six phalanges,
[SPEAKING SPANISH]
meaning that they are way
longer than human hands.
It's not clear for us
how they used these fingers.
But it's clear that it's much
more flexible than our fingers.
We can grip.
They can touch.
They can-- Absolutely.
But we know from our
technology that we have these
two, three fingers, and
they operate very well.
Of course, it's a
human-like creature.
It is 100% sure.
It is humanoid-like creature.
[NARRATOR] Meanwhile,
back in the United States,
a musculoskeletal
radiologist, MK Jessie,
takes a look at our CAT scans.
I am very curious to see
what these images look like.
I think what I can offer,
looking at the images,
looking at bones
all day long and having
the expertise in bone, the
bones of any mammalian skeleton,
they're incredibly complex,
which is a good thing for this,
because they're going to be
extremely hard to reproduce.
So I think we'll be able
to tell if these are truly
authentic bones.
Looking at this
skeleton, obviously we
have a really
humanoid-looking bone.
We've got the eyes that
are facing forward.
We've got the mandible
with, you can see,
rows of teeth both
above and below.
The shape of the
skull is interesting.
It's very elongated,
an atypical appearance
of a human skull
like you and I know.
Looking at the rest
of the skeleton,
we have a thoracic spine
that's holding the ribs,
or your rib cage, or the chest.
All of that looks very
humanoid as well--
femurs, we have the
tibia and the fibula.
All of that is pretty typical.
And then even in
the forearm here,
you have bones called
the radius and the ulna.
Now, what's
interesting here is
we see there is a
collection of bones here.
This is called the
carpus of the wrist.
That's a typical appearance,
but as we move outward,
we're seeing really
three distinct fingers,
which is fascinating.
The skull-- I don't
see any suture lines.
There's no bones that are
separate in the skull.
They all appear fused.
So this appears to
be a solid structure.
In the hand, coming
from the carpus,
not only do we see three,
and only three, fingers,
but you have enlargement
of the bones as well.
So we're seeing the same
thing happening in the feet.
The metacarpals and the
phalanges-- metacarpals
are in the palm of the hand,
phalanges of the fingers.
So if we look at where
the metacarpals would lie,
these are very--
they're very thick bones.
They're much thicker than bones
that you would find in my hand
or in your hand.
Same thing with the phalanges
as well, or the finger bones
are very robust.
[SPEAKING SPANISH]
I came with hope,
but I wasn't certain.
I came only with hope.
Now that I've had the
opportunity to analyze it,
see it, have it in my hands,
take x-rays,
view radiological studies,
comparison research,
and to hear the opinion of other
experts in different fields
sharing their scientific
opinions, which are similar,
almost identical--
we all agreed and came to the
same conclusion and opinion.
[SPEAKING SPANISH]
None of the scientific
studies mention human-like
beings that have three fingers.
There's no mention.
There's no scientific study.
It is historic.
It's going to change
many paradigms.
It's going to totally change
many concepts and ideas
in science and biology.
[DR. KOROTKOV] With this, we
have tremendous cultural change.
It can change the consciousness
of humanity as a whole.
Finally, we accept
that what we know--
that we know that we don't know.
And all our concepts about
history, about development,
those are just concepts.
And this opens up absolutely
new page of history.
Without physical
evidence, everything else
was just fairy tales.
Once we have the results,
we need to present this
to the world.
The world will decide.
I'm not telling them,
and I'm not telling you.
But I know that there
is no other creature
like this creature
anywhere else.
[SPEAKING SPANISH]
If we're not able to
determine with certainty
its origin, we would have to
assume that here on Earth
we would write in the
anthropology, paleontology,
anthropometry and natural
history books a new species
that we haven't seen,
that doesn't exist,
that's not registered, and
we don't have any record
of on Earth.
From my point of view,
it is no way that it is some
deformity of human body.
It is absolutely a different
structure of all our skeletons,
and it belongs to another
creature, another humanoid.
[NARRATOR] Smaller bodies
have also been discovered,
and the team is hoping to gather
DNA from these creatures that
were found in the same location.
A lot of the white resin
that's on the body has been
kind of wiped off, so
you get to see the skin.
It looks kind of
like a lizard skin.
And we're going to
be taking samples
in the next few minutes.
[NARRATOR] Stay tuned
for the next update.
[MUSIC PLAYING]